Privacy Policy
SCULPFUN takes privacy seriously and commits to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of its former, current and prospective customers’ non-public personal information and other personal information. Your privacy is important to us. Please read this privacy policy to learn about the information that SCULPFUN collects form you and how SCULPFUN use the information.

What Information Do We Collect?
Your account information: When creating an account, you may be asked to enter certain information, such as: your name, age, gender, address, telephone number and email address.

Payment information: We use a third-party payment processor (currently Credit Card or PayPal) to assist in securely processing your personally identifiable payment information. When you place an order, the credit card or PayPal information that you provide is encrypted and transmitted directly to Credit Card Company or PayPal We do not store your credit card or PayPal information and do not control and are not responsible for Credit Card Company and PayPal or its collection or use of your information. But we may collect your Credit Card Company or PayPal account to check the remittance.

Customer support: When you contact us, you can provide us with information about SCULPFUN products you own and contact details, so that we can provide customer support.

Product usage: We collect information about how you use our products.

Device properties and operations: We collect certain information from and about your device, such as: device number, model, hardware and software version, signal intensity, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, and other information.

Server logs: A server log is a list of the activities that a server performs.  SCULPFUN servers automatically collect and store in server logs certain information, such as: your search queries, IP addresses, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, referral URL, and certain cookies that identify your browser or Account.

Cookies: Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer's hard drive. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. A cookie also may contain information about device, such as: user settings, browsing history, and activities conducted. We use cookies to: 1) Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart; 2) Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits; 3) Keep track of advertisements; 4) Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

 

What Do We Use Your Information For?
To process transactions: We use your information to process payments you make through the website.

To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing or for your account may be used to send you information and updates concerning your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, marketing newsletters, related product or website information, including sending you updates to our terms and policies and other important messages from time to time.

Our service: We use your information to understand how people use and to evaluate and improve the website. Furthermore, we use your information to research, develop, and test new products, and features, as well as perform troubleshooting activities.

Security and privacy: We use your information to verify account details and activity.

 

How Do We Protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

 

How Can You Manage Your Information and Account?
Changing information: You can review and change your account profile information by logging in to your account and visiting your Account settings page.

Unsubscribing: We include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. You may also unsubscribe by logging in to your account and visiting your account settings page.

Deleting your account: If you want to delete your Account, please contact our customer service.

Third-Party Links

Occasionally, we may include links to third-party websites at our website. These third-party websites have separate and independent privacy policies. Please use these third-party websites with caution. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites.

California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)

According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:

Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
Can change your personal informationby logging in to your account.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA )

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act), and do not collect any information from or specifically market to children under 13 years old.

CAN SPAM Act

To be in accordance with CAN SPAM Act, we agree to the following:
Do not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses;
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters;
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance(if applicable);
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Changes to our Privacy Policy

SCULPFUN reserve the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. Your continued use of the website after the time the changes are posted will indicate your acceptance of those revised changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.