Return & Refund
Thank you for choosing SCULPFUN. We guarantee that all SCULPFUN products are rigorously tested by our quality inspectors before shipment.

Cancel the order
SCULPFUN will typically mail your order within 1-2 business days. If you need to cancel your order, please contact SCULPFUN as soon as possible to cancel your order and receive the refund. If your order has been shipped, the customer needs to explain the situation to the logistics company and reject the product. We will issue a refund to the customer as soon as we confirm receipt of the returned product.

About returns: 30 days return period
We want you to be satisfied with your purchase. If you are not completely happy, you can return the product to us, and we will either repair, replace it, or issue a refund. 
All items are eligible for return and will be processed if conditions are met.

Conditions are :

1. Please contact us at support@sculpfun.com for return or exchange approval, in the first moments.

2. Customer can't return the package without any notice, in this case, we won't handle the return and refund.

Return process are as below : 

1,Keep all the items that we send in the original package, in the original place;

2,Take a photo of the state described in point 1 above and send the photos to us by email;(support@sculpfun.com)


3, After we receive the customer's return request and confirm the status of the item(s) according to the photos, we will tell customer the return is accepted. Later, the customer need to pack the parcel and send it to the following address:

 

Note: Unauthorized returned packages will not be processed or signed for, please understand.

4, Customers need to inform us when the parcel will be sent and give us the return logistics number, etc. After our warehouse receives the returned goods, we will arrange the refund or resend products for customers within 1~3 working days.

Other Important Things


1. If you receive defective or wrong product,you can contact our support team to receive defective parts at no charge, or get right product. If the issue cannot be resolved, you can return and get full refund, without other fees.(if return, we can give you return label)

But Note:
For items that are damaged/defective/ wrong on arrival, you must provide videos/photos to support your claim that the item was damaged or malfunctioned or wrong upon arrival. If the buyer refuses or fails to send photos/videos of the suspected defective/damaged/wrong item, this return will be considered "buyer's remorse" and will be the sole responsibility of the buyer. The customer needs to pay the shipping fee for the return as well as a 5% handling fee.

2. If you would like to return or exchange your purchased item for personal reasons, you will be responsible for the only shipping costs to and from our warehouses if the product is unused.

While, a 15% depreciation fee will apply to the order amount if the product has been removed from its packaging and used.



Under what circumstances do customers need to pay for return shipping?

If the return is due to a customer error, the return shipping cost is the customer’s responsibility. In these cases, prepaid return shipping labels are not available. Please note that the original shipping and handling charges will be deducted from your total refund, and any orders with special shipping charges will be deducted from our actual outbound shipping costs. Examples of these customer returns include:

Buyer’s remorse (“not satisfied with the performance,” “the item does not suit me,” “the item does not meet my expectations,” “I tried, but I want something else,” etc.)
No reason/no longer want it
Misunderstanding of product description (failure to fully read product details/description/features)
Canceling the order after the item has been shipped, even if you have not received it
The customer bought the wrong item
The customer accidentally purchased too many
The customer accidentally provided the wrong shipping address

After the 30-day return period, if an item fails or breaks down, the customer can use the SCULPFUN Manufacturer's product warranty period for repairs. For more information, see the manufacturer's product warranty.

Refund Policy

To be eligible for a refund, you must return the product within 30 days of the delivery date of your purchased item(s). If the product is damaged in any way or if you initiate the return after 30 days, you will not qualify for a refund.

To ensure your product is eligible for a refund, please meet the following conditions:

The product must be returned in its original packaging.
The product must include the receipt or proof of purchase.
Once we receive your product, our team will inspect it and process your refund. The funds will be refunded to the original payment method used during the purchase within 2-5 business days after we receive the returned package.


Exchange Policy

Products can be exchanged for a different item within the same product line (e.g., laser engraver, accessory), provided that the desired product is available. Customers may exchange items within 30 days; exchanges requested after 30 days will not be processed.

To be eligible for an exchange, please ensure the following conditions are met:

The product must be returned in its original packaging.
The product must include the receipt or proof of purchase.
You are responsible for shipping the product back for inspection and replacement, and you must cover the return shipping fee. Your exchanged product will be processed once we receive the items and verify the conditions.

If you choose an item with a higher value than the one you are exchanging, we will request payment for the price difference. If the new item is of lower value, we will refund you the difference.

Note: Refurbished products cannot be returned or exchanged.

Product Replacement Process: 
Step 1 :
Please contact us at support@sculpfun.com to let us know about your problem and confirm the solution.
Step 2:
Take a picture of your shipment and send it to us, along with the tracking number. The cost of repairs depends on whether they are covered by warranty. (Please check the warranty scope)
Step 3:
We confirm that the goods have been returned and check the problem. Please also email us yours
Contact details (name, mobile phone number, detailed address, postal code).
Step 4:
We will send the goods back to you.Thank you for your cooperation.

 

● For any questions regarding returns and refunds, please contact us at support@sculpfun.com