Shipping Policy
Order Processing

Orders will be processed within 2 business days after full payment is received.  Tracking number will be updated as soon as it's available.

Products from the same order may arrive from different fulfillment centers, or at different times based on item availability.

If the item you ordered is temporarily out-of-stock, you will be contacted by our customer service representatives. You can choose to wait for restocking or cancel the order.

For detailed information on standard delivery and express delivery, choose your shipping country or shipping region from below:

Country or Region	Shipping Way	Shipping from	Shipping time	Shipping Cost($)
USA	UPS/Fedex	USA	3-7 business days	0
USA	DHL/FedEx/UPS/YunExpress	China	5-12 business days	0
EU countries	DHL/DPD/GLS	Europe	3-7 business days	0-19
EU countries	DHL/DPD/YunExpress/China Post	China	5-12 business days(Local Customs Duty Not Included )	0-19
Mexico	FedEx/DHL/UPS	Mexico	3-7 business days	0
Mexico	4PX/FedEx/DHL/YunExpress	China	5-12 business days(Local Customs Duty Not Included )	0-249, the exact shipping cost depends on the weight of the packaged goods you order.
UK/Australia	DHL/FedEx/UPS/YunExpress	China ,EU/China	5-12 business day(Local Customs Duty Not Included )	0-249, the exact shipping cost depends on the weight of the packaged goods you order. 
Other Countries	FedEx/DHL/UPS/YunExpress	China	5-12 business day(Local Customs Duty Not Included )	0-249,the exact shipping cost depends on the weight of the packaged goods you order.

  Note:  

Sorry, we can't ship to these The United States'area: Alaska Guam Hawaii Marshall Islands Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands, APO, FPO, DPO.
European Countries above we mean : Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden,Switzerland(not belong to EU)

Other Countries above we mean : Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Thailand, Korea, Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and others.
Only some specific products can be shipped from Mexico. If an item is available in our Mexico warehouse, it will be shipped from our Mexico warehouse first.
For Mexican customers, when you order the machine, you need to select US PLUG/China for this item, US PLUG/USA, for US customers only. Please understand.
To Mexico,UK/Australia,and other countries, shipping fee (0$~249$) varies depending on what you order. Hope you can understand.
For free shipping small parcels, we default to send a dedicated logistics, the time limit may be slower 12 working days, if you urgently need a certain accessory, you can contact us to pay extra shipping fee to send by express to get the package faster!
Please confirm your shipping address prior to completing your order. If you want to modify your shipping address, please email us (support@sculpfun.com) within 24 hours of purchase, or we will ship to the address according to your order information. Please note that once the order has been shipped, address modifications will not be supported.
If there is any force majeure that causes our products damaged in transit, please contact us immediately at support@sculpfun.com after you receive your package. And we hope to get your understanding and patience in this circumstance.
Please note that the notification email will be sent to the email address you left in the contact information on the checkout page or the email address you used to register your account. If the email address you left is invalid or not in use, we will not be liable for any risk or loss caused by this.
If you change your mind midway, please don't just reject the package. To cancel your order, please contact us to explain the situation (support@sculpfun.com) and we will handle the return for you in accordance with our return/refund policy. We do not assume the risk of loss or damage to the package arising from the rejection.
Please contact us at support@sculpfun.com within 7 days of the delivery suggested by the official tracking system of logistics companies if you do not receive the order, or we shall bear no responsibility on this occasion.
If there is any damage to the package and/or products inside, or if there is any item(s) missing, please contact us at support@sculpfun.com within 2 business days with pictures and/or videos.
The shipping time is a estimated time. Invalid address, customs clearance procedures, the bad weather or other reasons will lead to a longer delivery time than expected.
About Tax

Most of our machines are stocked in US warehouses and EU warehouses. In this case, most of the customer's orders will be shipped from the corresponding warehouses, so customers from EU member states and the U.S. do not need to pay any customs duty if you buy a machine.

Orders from other countries will be shipped from China warehouse, and most of the orders will incur customs duty, which is borne by the customers themselves.

However, if the products are out of stock in the US or EU warehouses, we will also ship them from China. In this case, customers from EU countries need to bear the customs duty by themselves. Don't worry, we will contact you about tax problem before order is shipped out.

Normally we will declare lower price of order, if you have special request about declare value, must contact us before we ship goods out.

Please feel free to contact us if we can be of further assistance. Thank you!

please email: support@sculpfun.com

--Sculpfun Team